well howdy there Internet people let's
bow again so today we're going to talk
about a talking point that is gaining
ground it's about the supply chain and
the way we need to fix it according to
the talking point is to bring all
production home and just rely on what we
have here in the United States
therefore we don't purchase anything
from overseas
therefore our supply chain is more
secure every once in a while a talking
point comes out and becomes accepted
that is so absurd that it makes you
realize the American people will believe
almost anything those in power tell them
to believe let me just start by saying
there are very very few things in the
world that are not made better by
distributed networks and
decentralization just start with that
but let's run through this little
thought experiment right now the reason
we're having trouble getting supplies is
because it's a global problem and
facilities all over the world have been
impacted and there's increased demand
and and that's one of the reasons that
increased demand is one of the reasons
this talking point has surfaced but
we'll get to that that's the reason it's
not evil foreigners it's increased
demand and lower production because all
of these facilities were impacted if we
bring it home it no longer takes a
global problem to disrupt the supply
chain it can be incredibly localized
just at that production facility now can
we have a facility here - yeah to
complement the other ones to complement
the other ones
but we still have to purchase stuff from
over there to keep them running
so those facilities are large enough to
deal with the demand if ours goes down
redundancy is always good if you have
one you have not bringing everything
home and becoming an isolationist makes
our supply chain more vulnerable not
less because a small incident can
disrupt it rather than it taking a
worldwide one don't believe me how's the
meatpacking industry doing right now
pretty bad right and that's having a
ripple effect ranchers are having issues
now because of the bottleneck at the
meatpacking plants that's what happens
if you have a a localized supply chain
now luckily we have redundancy for that
so there's there's meat being imported
if we didn't have that we have an even
bigger problem right now this talking
point has surfaced not because it's true
but because those in power need somebody
to blame and who better than those
others those foreign people those people
that Americans just love to scapegoat
those in power knew this was an issue
the shortages that are occurring now and
have been occurring they have been
predicted for 10 or 15 years we all knew
it was a possibility we knew this could
happen at any moment
and it will happen again the more we
encroach on unspoiled areas and the
warmer the climate gets the more often
this is going to happen
they didn't act they didn't get the
supplies that we needed before we needed
them they didn't prepare so they need a
scapegoat and they know they can count
on that base that has been conditioned
to hear globalist as some evil term to
buy into it because that nationalism
running rampant if you're not familiar
with the whole globalist thing it boils
down to this there's a group of people
out there who want to bring the entire
world under one jurisdiction that's the
idea and that that small group of people
will they'll make decisions for
everybody and if you don't follow their
rules well you'll have violence visited
upon you yeah man that sounds horrible I
would not want to live in a place like
that please explain to me though the
difference between that and a
nationalist government you can't because
the only difference is scale a
nationalist is just a low ambition
globalist I personally think there are
better ways to run the world I don't
think that we need to entrust a small
group of people to make decisions for
everybody I think you can run your life
better than they can but that that's why
this this talking point is being
believed even though it can't pass a
basic logic test
redundancy decentralization distribution
of networks is always good there are
very very few things in the world
honestly can't think of one off the top
of my head that don't benefit from it we
can play the isolationist nationalist
game all we want it's just going to make
us weaker it will make us weaker it will
make us less capable of responding to
situations like this and there will be
more of them because we've learned
nothing it's very clear that we haven't
learned anything from this that the
government hasn't learned anything from
us
because we're not even through this one
and that there really seems like they're
trying to make it worse
we're probably going to revisit that
topic if you have one you have none a
whole lot this month its present in a
lot of other videos but I've never
really gone into it in this way you know
you've heard me talk about redundant
power structures if you have one you
have not if if your community network is
strong enough it doesn't matter what
happens as the state and federal low
levels right heard me say that I say a
lot this is why this is why we can't
rely on governments to make sure that
we're all ok it's not what they do a
government is there to control you it's
not there to protect you and falling in
line and becoming more dependent at a
national level is just going to make us
weaker not stronger
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day